[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: All right,
let's learn the third of our rules.
This is the second in order of precedence.
The third of our rules we'll
call the explicit binding rule.
Now, the explicit binding rule says if
you use .call or .apply at the call site,
both of those utilities have, they take
as their first parameter a this binding.
It's called a this arc.
So when I say foo without anything,
it's a plain, normal default binding rule,
we know that.
When I say foo.call and I pass in obj,
then it says use obj as my this.
So we're explicitly stating which
this binding we want to occur,
and the same is true with apply.
Dot call and apply do have different
behavior with respect to arguments.
But with respect to what we're
talking about about the this binding,
they're one in the same,
they have the same behavior, okay?
So our explicit binding rules says at
the call site, if there's a call or
reply that's explicitly specifying a this,
use that object for
the this.
>> Kyle Simpson: Is everybody
following that so far?
So foo.call(obj); is gonna make sure
to do it, same thing with foo.apply,
if we said obj,
it uses the obj as this keyword.
Let's take another little detour.
I need to explain one of the most
frustrating parts of all of
the this binding mechanism, is this
idea that many people complain about.
You may have experienced this
yourself in your own code.
Many people complain about the idea that
your this bindings kind of get lost, or
they accidentally fall
through to the global object.
It has this annoying property that
these functions are very flexible, but
that this binding could mean
a lot of different things.
But sometimes we write code in
such a way where we want for
this keyword to be very predictable.
For example, you create yourself a little
controller class, a little object with
a control that represents different
methods for your controller actions.
And each one of those methods says this
dot to reference various states on your
controller object.
Any one of those methods that you're
talking about, you have a very specific
object in mind when you reference this
keyword and it's your controller object.
So any way that method gets executed,
you expect for
that method to be executed with a this
keyword pointing at the controller object.
Everybody with me so far?
It's pretty common in
JavaScript programming.
So everywhere that you call a method,
you always say like controller dot
method name and everything works fine.
Until such a time as you
make an ajax call, and
you say as your call back, I want to
call on of my controller methods.
So you pass in a reference
to the controller method,
you say controller.methodname
is your callback name and
when it gets called
the this binding is wrong.
It's fallen back to the global.
And you pull your hair out and
you're frustrated.
Or until such a time as you attach
that to an event handler like a click
handler on a button.
Whenever I click a button I want for
this controller method to be executed.
And you get frustrated
because now the this binding,
somebody made it be the button itself
rather than my controller object.
In all cases, the this keyword ends
up being what we don't want it to be.
We wanted it to predictably
be our controller object.
So, there's this frustration
that we get into where the,
this keyword, it simultaneously gives us
all this flexibility but at the same time.
I's too flexible in many cases and
it frustrates us.
Okay?
So one solution to that problem
is wouldn't it be nice for
us to construct a mechanism in such a way
that, our methods could be passed around
in the way that we are accustomed
to passing around, but
the this keyword would
always be predictable?
And that mechanism is what
we call hard binding.
Is there a way to take a function and
hardbind the this keyword so
that it's a predictable object?
So let's take a look at a way
we might derive a hardbinding.
I will essentially derive the mechanism
that's now built into language.
Okay?
So let's take a look at hard binding.
How would we do that?
Well, so I've got a foo function here,
lines one through three.
Makes the same sort of reference
that we're seeing before.
But look at line eight.
Line eight's different.
I make another reference to the same
function, this one I call a ridge, so
it's a reference to the original function.
And then I overwrite the foo.
I don't have to overwrite it, but
here I overwrite the foo
with a whole new function.
This case the function expression,
now what is that new function
that I'm creating coded to do.
If you look on line nine, whenever that
foo function will be called from now on,
he will always call the original function
because we still have a reference to it,
but he will force the this
reference to always be obj.
No matter how foo gets called, orig will
always be called with obj as the this
binding.
>> Kyle Simpson: So
down here, when we say foo, it's gonna
be bar the way we would expect it to be,
even if we tried to overwrite it,
we say foo.call on line 12, and
we say I want you to use obj2 It still
would print out bar, and here's why.
Because inside of this function,
right here in this little gap on line 9,
right here in this gap, there is
a this binding that'll point to obj2.
But you notice the rest of the function
completely ignores whatever
the this binding of the wrapper is.
It forces it to be obj.
That's what we call hard binding.
So now we have a reference to foo that if
we passed it in as a call back to an ajax
call, or
if we attached it as a click handler, or
any number of other ways
that we do a synchronicity.
We pass function references around
no matter where we pass it,
no matter where it gets called.
It's always going to have a this reference
that predictively references obj,
cuz it's hard-bound to obj.
Does that make sense?
So you can see why that's
a useful mechanism in some cases.
Now, it's reduced our flexibility
of our function call,
which is kind of a trade-off, but
the benefit is now we don't have to worry
about people calling it incorrectly.
So I was gonna predictably reference
the object I expected to reference.
This is still a little bit clunky though,
because we've got this global variable of
essentially, there's a ridge that's
kinda hanging out, that's kinda clunky.
Can we make ourselves a utility to
do this, and the answer is yes,
we can make a little bind utility
that would do the same thing for us.
So the first step that we might
do to create a bind utility,
we'll make ourselves a function called
bind, he accepts two parameters.
He accepts an fn parameter, the function,
and he accepts an o parameter being
the object that you want to bind for this.
Now what does our utility do?
Our utility creates a whole new
function that is hard coded
to call FN with O this is this
as you see on line three.
Same thing as the previous code, but now
we've created it as a reusable utility and
it doesn't have one of those variables
hanging out in the global space to
potentially have an overwrite and
read reference or something.
Okay?
We use it in th exact way
that you would expect.
Down here on line 13,
we say foo is equal to bind foo to obj.
And now when we call foo
all by himself on line 15,
it still references obj as borrowed.
It's not falling back to the global.
Because this is not the call sign anymore.
That's an important nuance.
This looks like the call sign.
Where is the call sign?
CallSite's actually right here.
Everybody see that?
So subtle nuance but
super-important detail.
So when you're finding the CallSite,
if there's a hard bound wrapper around it,
that's that the CallSite anymore.
You gotta inside the wrapper
to find the CallSite.
Okay.
Well we call it with what would
otherwise look like the default binding.
In fact, it uses the explicit binding and
uses bar and even if we try to override
it, it would still use the obj.
>> Kyle Simpson: Questions so
far?
>> Speaker 2: The online folks
are wondering which Stack Overflow
question you were referring to?
Do you have a link to it we can get later?
>> Kyle Simpson: I don't have
a link to it.
This is two years ago when I found it and
made this first slide, so I don't.
>> Speaker 2: Don't worry about it.
>> Kyle Simpson: Don't remember it.
I just remember tearing my
hair out when I saw it.
But I don't remember the link to it.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, so,
the hard binding is nice, but
it's still a little bit clunky that
we've had to create a global
utility called bind.
Is there a way we could kind of
stick that utility somewhere and
make it a little bit less global,
a little more useful?
Maybe potentially useful to all functions.
And it turns out that
we can put that utility
directly on the function prototype.
Temporarily for the purposes of this slide
only, I'm going to call my utility Bine
two, and I'll explain in a moment why I
call it Bine two instead of just Bine.
Temporarily what I'm
going to do is check and
make sure there isn't already a Bine two.
And if there isn't already
one I'm going to create one.
And what that guy does is he
It does this peculiar thing,
which I'll explain in a minute.
But this thing should look familiar.
It returns back a new function
that's a wrapper function.
Now what does that guy do?
He's not using a dot
call anymore on line six,
he's using dot apply so
that we can pass along any arguments.
And he also has a return in there on line
six, so can return any return values back.
So now, in the previous slide our
little bind utility was kinda limited,
cuz he didn't have any return values or
arguments.
That kinda sucks.
But this one is kinda
the pass through pattern,
you'll pass through any arguments and
pass back any return values.
So just transparently forces this to be o,
like we asked for.
Now what about the trick on line four?
We're saying var fn = this.
Why would that be the case?
Well, let's go and look at the call site.
Down here, what we're talking
about is that bind2 as a utility,
it's a function, so all functions
are gonna have a this binding, right?
Let's look at where bind2 is being called.
When bind2 the function is called,
what does his call site look like?
Which one of our rules applies right here?
>> [INAUDIBLE].
>> Speaker 2: It's the implicit
binding rule because we
have a context object here.
And so inside of our utility function,
what is this this key we're gonna point
to?
>> [INAUDIBLE].
>> Kyle Simpson: Foo which is
the function we want it to point to.
So it's a little syntactic trick.
We don't have to pass in
the function manually.
We can just get it by
reference to the dysfunction.
So we have our function.
We have our o and
we can force them to be married together.
>> Kyle Simpson: And
it works exactly like you'd expect
foo is equal to foo.bind2 obj.
When we call foo, we can even pass
in parameters, but we know it's
definitely gonna reference the obj exactly
like it has in the previous slides.
Any questions so far?
All right,
the last thing that I wanna explain
about this hard binding rule is, that it
turns out this is such a useful mechanism
that the JavaScript as of es5
added doc bind directly to
function prototype,so it's already
built into the language as of es5 so
we don't need our little bind
to utility.- It's built in.
And in fact, not only is it built in,
we can go the MDN page,
the Mozilla Developer Network page,
and I can scroll down.
They actually provide a polyfill for
the function.
What this polyfill is designed to do,
is it's designed to allow you to use
Function.prototype.bind in pre-ES5
browsers that's what polyfills are for.
So it has the little if statement
to check to make sure that your
not overwriting the one
that is already there.
So you make sure that
you're in an older browser.
And it defines one and
you can ignore some of the details here.
You can, what you take away
from this code is that it's
a lot more complex than what I
showed you in that slide of Bind 2.
So the reason I called mine Bind two,
is six months from now I don't want you
to go back to the slide deck, and think
that the one that I provided is a good
polyfill because mine is very limited.
If you're going to use a polyfill for
the Bind utility, and
I recommend that you do Come to MDN and
use the one they provide.
Not only is theirs better,
it's more adherent to the spec.
It's also more powerful.
It has other capabilities that the one I
provided you in the slides doesn't have.
So this is the spec compliant version
of the buying utility represented
in pre-ES5 terminology.
And some of it's a little confusing.
A few of the tricks are beyond the scope
of what we'll discuss here, but
you should notice that it's
basically doing the same thing.
It's got a function here that it forcibly
calls apply with this reference to it.
Mechanically, it's doing basically doing
the same thing that we've already derived.